Adding Usecase Documentation (#668)
DevOps-MBSE/AaC: docs/source/project_documentation/user_guide/definition_types.rst

Definition Types in AaC
=======================

> There are various types of definitions utilized in AaC to provide various system components. They are each represnted by a designated root key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are various types of definitions utilized in AaC to define system components. They are each represented by a distinct root key.
```
